Feat: Add GCP Full scan and schedule scan plugin (#178)
trendmicro/cloudone-filestorage-plugins: scan-triggers/gcp-nodejs-bucket-full-and-scheduled-scan/docs/tutorial.md

# Cloud One File Storage Security Full scan and schedule scan plugin for GCP

## Overview

<walkthrough-tutorial-duration duration="10"></walkthrough-tutorial-duration>

> This tutorial will guide you to deploy a promote and quarantine function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial will guide you to deploy the full scan and schedule scan plugin.
```

## Project Setup

Copy the execute the script below to select the project where the storage stack is deployed.

<walkthrough-project-setup></walkthrough-project-setup>

```sh
gcloud config set project <walkthrough-project-id/>
```

## Deploy full scan and schedule scan plugin

1. Initialize terraform.

   ```sh
   terraform init
   ```

> 1. Deploy the function and fill the variables following the CLI. (Or using the `main.auto.tfvars` file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the resources and fill the variables following the CLI. (Or using the `main.auto.tfvars` file)
```
